Add extra explanation to next/image about positioning (#27341)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-reference/next/image.md

viewports and scale up for larger viewports.

When `fill`, the image will stretch both width and height to the dimensions of
the parent element, provided the parent element is relative. This is usually paired with the [`objectFit`](#objectFit) property. 

> Make sure that the parent element has `position: relative` in their stylesheet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure the parent element has `position: relative` in their stylesheet.
```
